added mention of the installer in the readme (#119)
Lauryy06/Upsilon: README.md

## Installation

> ### Installer
> 
> go to the [Upsilon website](https://lolocomotive.github.io/Upsilon-website) and then go to the "Install" section. 
> There you will find the installer, which, if your calculator is recognized, does not contain Epsilon 16 and your browser accepts WebUSB, will offer you to install Upsilon.  
> Once the installation protocol has started, it is important that you do not unplug your calculator.  
> When the installer reports that Upsilon has been successfully installed, you can unplug your calculator.
> 

Reviewer: I suggest this version in english : 
```suggestion
### Installer

Go to the [Upsilon website](https://lolocomotive.github.io/Upsilon-website) to the "Install" section. 
If your calculator is recognized, contains a version of Epsilon lower than 16 and your browser accepts WebUSB, the page will suggest you to install Upsilon.
Do not disconnect your calculator until the installation is complete.

```

Author: OK, perfect ! Let's proceed !
